<BOS> <action> Prince (Vivek Oberoi) is a sharp and intelligent burglar, but when he awakes one morning, he finds that he does not remember anything about his past. He goes to a club and meets a girl who claims to be his girlfriend Maya. The next day, he meets a second girl who claims to be his girlfriend named Maya. She also claims that they work for the police and are after a man named Sarang. She reveals that they must find a special coin and give it to Sarang, after which the cops will arrest him. This coin has a chip in it that can go into one's mind and change one's thoughts completely.  They find the coin inside Prince's shoe and give it to Sarang. Prince finds out that the second 'Maya' is really a woman named Serena who works for Sarang. His servant P.K. works for Sarang along with her. The coin is revealed to be a fake. Just as Prince is trapped, the real Maya, who is in fact his girlfriend, saves him and tells him the actual story. The chip was put inside Prince so that he could work for Sarang. The two began running away. The chip made Prince's brain like a computer, so that once he woke up from sleep, he would forget everything.  Prince and Maya meet Sarang Chinea, who tells them a side effect: every morning when Prince wakes up, his brain crashes, which results in a lot of pain. He has only six days to live as a result. This particular day was the last day. Prince and Maya find the coin, which can save Prince, and Serena goes after them, leading to a high-profile chase. Prince manages to keep the coin safe but faints. A mysterious car arrives, pulls him in, and flees. Shortly after, Maya gets a phone call, saying she must come to a certain location if she wants Prince alive. The caller is a friend of Prince's named Mike. It is revealed that the first Maya that Prince had met at the club, is actually named Priya. Then Maya calls the police.  Priya takes the coin and runs away with it, but Mike tells Maya that he has the real coin; the one Priya fled with is a fake. While they are fixing an unconscious Prince, Priya returns, begging to be saved, but gets shot by Sarang and his gang. Prince awakes from his deep sleep. Sarang and his gang escape, but Prince puts a tracking device on Sarang. They track him down, and Prince and Sarang engage in a brief fight. Prince ultimately gets the coin and Sarang falls off a waterfall to his death. While Prince and Maya are looking forward to a happily-ever-after, in a twist ending, Serena's eyes open, implying that she is still alive. <EOS>
<BOS> <drama> Life is going along smoothly for Jeff and Mari Thompson but not for any other couple they know, or so it seems. Everyone they know is getting divorced.  Their life is disrupted when Mari's old college friend, Barbara, comes into it and begins a fling with Jeff, which causes Mari to contemplate an affair of her own. <EOS>
<BOS> <drama> A young girl suddenly finds herself wealthy, but lacking in social graces. She calls upon the disinherited son from a wealthy family for help. <EOS>
<BOS> <drama> Varghese (Mohanlal) is a Kalari master. Shyam (Vineeth) is his favourite disciple. He comes to his master declaring his love for Maya (Urmila Matondkar). He says that her parents have kept her under house arrest and he needs his master's help to rescue her.  Varghese kidnaps Maya and brings her to Shyam but Shyam tries to kill her. Varghese understands that Shyam is not her lover and she is the only witness in another homicide which involves Shyam. But Maya tells Varghese that Shyam is innocent. Varghese tries to help both of them. <EOS>
<BOS> <drama> Liz is a Los Angeles street prostitute. The audience first sees her attempting to get a customer on a busy downtown street near a tunnel. She addresses the audience directly on her life and problems throughout the film. When a van stops by, she gives it the brush off, recalling the last time she serviced a man in a van: it turned out there were several other men in the van, who gang-raped her and left her for dead. A passerby gives her his handkerchief and offers to take her to a hospital. She refuses, makes up a boyfriend story and asks for some money. She sends him the money back with a thank you note and a new handkerchief.  Liz isn't merely attempting to get a customer, however: she is attempting to escape her pimp, Blake. Blake is a well-dressed, businesslike and extremely controlling man.  As Liz stops off at a strip club for a drink, she explains how she ended up as she did: she was a small town girl, who married a violent drunk named Charlie (Frank Smith). Though they have a child together, she can no longer take it and leaves him, taking her son with her, as he's sleeping it off. She takes a job on the graveyard shift at a diner, and when a customer offers her more money to have sex with him, she decides, given her rather low pay, to take it. She does this independently for a time until she meets Blake, who takes her to LA. Though Blake does do some things for her (including getting her tattooed), he is ultimately as cruel as her husband, so she decides to escape from him.  A local homeless person/street performer named Rasta decides to treat Liz to a movie. Though Rasta is a bit scary (his act involves walking on broken glass), Liz agrees. At this point the scenes of Liz and Rasta at the movie are intercut with Blake explaining his life to the audience, giving the impression that Liz and Rasta are watching Blake's soliloquy.  After the movie, Liz talks to the audience about her son, whom she clearly loves, though he's now in foster care. She finally gets a customer and services him. He has a heart attack, and Liz panics, trying to give him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, without success. Blake happens along then. He takes Liz's money and tries to rob the dead customer. When Liz tries to stop him, Blake tries to strangle Liz and threatens to put her son into prostitution, with Liz retorting 'I'll kill you first!'. Rasta comes to the rescue, killing Blake. A grateful Liz gives her thanks and walks away. <EOS>
